c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\SATProject.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\SATProject.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\obj\Debug\SATProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\obj\Debug\SATProject.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\obj\Debug\SATProject.pdb
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SATProject\SATProject\bin\SATProject.dll.config
